In this lesson, you were introduced
to the two primary methods for
creating clusters.
The hierarchical method and
the K-centroids method.
And you can now determine which of
these methods might work best for
your clustering solution depending
on the data and its objective.
We also reviewed the issues and
subjectiveness around choosing
the best number of clusters.
And you can now perform the diagnostics
around K-centroid clustering and
interpret two indices that can
help you make that choice.
And once you decided how
many clusters you want,
you can now process the data and
assign objects to specific clusters.